Add a HTTP instrumentation example (#729)
signalfx/splunk-otel-go: example/README.md

# Example

> The example instrumenting simple HTTP server and client application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example instruments a simple HTTP server and client application.
```

> The applications are setup to send spans to OTel Collector
> which propagates them to both Splunk Observability Cloud
> and a local Jaeger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both applications are configured to send spans to an instance
of the Splunk Distribution of the OpenTelemetry Collector, which 
propagates them to both Splunk Observability Cloud and to a local 
Jaeger instance.
```

## Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

## Usage

```sh

> SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN=secret ./run.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN=<access_token> ./run.sh
```

```

The value for `SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN` can be found

> [here](https://app.signalfx.com/o11y/#/organization/current?selectedKeyValue=sf_section:accesstokens).

Reviewer: To obtain an access token, see [Create and manage user API access tokens using Splunk Observability Cloud](https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/admin/authentication-tokens/api-access-tokens.html#admin-api-access-tokens).

You can find the collected traces in:

- Console output
- Jaeger: <http://localhost:16686/search>
- Splunk Observability Cloud: <https://app.signalfx.com/#/apm?environments=YOURUSERNAME>

>   (_processing takes some time_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
  > Note: Processing might take some time.
```

Author: Addressed here https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-go/commit/d1ed3081f18ca9463394888cd77072d0edd6c21e
